Editorial review: CSS anchor positioning 5: position try functionality (#33609)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/position-try-options/index.md

This means that the positioned element will find a reasonable position to display in, whatever viewport edges the anchor is near. This approach is a bit more longwinded than the predefined values approach, but it is also more granular and flexible.

```html hidden
<div class="anchor">⚓︎</div>

<div class="infobox">
  <p>This is an information box.</p>
</div>
```

```css hidden
body {
  width: 1500px;
  height: 500px;
}

.anchor {
  font-size: 1.8rem;
  color: white;
  text-shadow: 1px 1px 1px black;
  background-color: hsl(240 100% 75%);
  width: fit-content;
  border-radius: 10px;
  border: 1px solid black;
  padding: 3px;
}

.anchor {
  anchor-name: --infobox;
  position: absolute;
  top: 100px;
  left: 350px;
}

.infobox {
  color: darkblue;
  background-color: azure;
  border: 1px solid #ddd;
  padding: 10px;
  border-radius: 10px;
  font-size: 1rem;
}
```

```css
.infobox {
  position: fixed;
  position-anchor: --infobox;
  inset-area: top left;

  position-try-options: inset-area(top), inset-area(top right), inset-area(
      right
    ), inset-area(bottom right), inset-area(bottom), inset-area(bottom left),
    inset-area(left);
}
```

> #### Result

Reviewer: Cool demo!

For detailed information on anchor features and usage, see the [CSS anchor positioning](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_anchor_positioning) module landing page and the [Using CSS anchor positioning](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_anchor_positioning/Using) guide.

## Syntax

```css
/* Single try option */
position-try-options: flip-block;
position-try-options: inset-area(top);
position-try-options: --custom-try-option;

/* Multiple value combination option */
position-try-options: flip-block flip-inline;

/* Multiple values */
position-try-options: flip-block, flip-inline;
position-try-options: inset-area(top), inset-area(right), inset-area(bottom);
position-try-options: --custom-try-option1, --custom-try-option2;
position-try-options:
  flip-block,
  flip-inline,
  flip-block flip-inline;
position-try-options: flip-block, inset-area(right), --custom-try-option;

/* Global values */
position-try-options: inherit;
position-try-options: initial;
position-try-options: revert;
position-try-options: revert-layer;
position-try-options: unset;
```

### Values

- `none`
  - : The default value. There are no position try options set.

> - Predefined option
>   - : Referred to as a `try-tactic` in the specification, these predefined values move the positioned element by taking its computed position and transforming it across a particular axis of the anchor. Possible values are:
>     - `flip-block`: Flips the element's position along the block axis so that it appears the same distance away from the anchor but on the opposite side of it. To put it another way, it mirrors the element's position across an inline axis drawn through the center of the anchor. As an example, if the positioned element started to overflow at the top of the anchor, this value would flip it to the bottom.
>     - `flip-inline`: Flips the element's position along the inline axis so that it appears the same distance away from the anchor but on the opposite side of it. To put it another way, it mirrors the element's position across a block axis drawn through the center of the anchor. As an example, if the positioned element started to overflow at the left of the anchor, this value would flip it to the right.
>     - `flip-start`: Mirrors the element's position across an axis drawn diagonally through the center of the anchor, passing through the point at the intersection of the block axis start and the inline axis start, and the point at the intersection of the block axis end and the inline axis end. As an example, if the positioned element started to overflow at the left of the anchor, this value would flip it to the top.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `<try-tactic>`
   - : One of three predefined options that move the positioned element by taking its computed position and transforming it across a particular axis of the anchor, including:
    - `flip-block`
        - : Flips the element's position along the block axis.
    - `flip-inline`:
         - : Flips the element's position along the inline axis.
    - `flip-start`
        - : Flips both the inline and block axis values, swapping the `start` properties with each other, and the `end` properties with each other.
```
Then put the descriptions of each value in a ### try tactics section within the ## description section.

Author: done
